# lakshmi-task4

Name: B LAKSHMI PRASAD,

Comapany:CODTECH IT SOLUTIONS,

ID:CT08EDI,

Domain:POWER BI,

Duration:17th DEC,2024 to 17th JAN,2025,

Mentor:Neela Santhosh Kumar.

#Task 1: Data Integration From Multiple Sources.

Step 1:First you have to download data set.

Step 2:After downloding,you have to Download any database like...,SQL,MYSQL,POSTEGRE SQL.

Step 3:After downloading you have to create database(Ex: CREATE DATABASE DATABASE_NAME;).

Step 4:After creating Database you have to import the dataset using "excel or gooogle spreadsheet".

Step 5:After importing you have to retrieve the dataset using sql commands(Ex:SELECT * FROM TABLE_NAME).

Step 6:After retrieving the data you have to check all coloumns or unique or not.

Step 7:If any duplicates you have to delete the row or coloumn using Delete command(ex:Delete table table_name where column_name='value1','value2'.....).

Step 8:After performing all activities import the data to the powerbi desktop.

Step 9:After importing you have to load the data then start the visualizations.

Step 10:First 'sum of Number_of_products_sold' using 'card'.

Create the dashboards for 'Product type by sum of costs' by using 'Table'.

Create the dashboards for 'sum of revenue_generated by location' using 'Stacked Coloumn Chart'.

Create the dashboards for 'Sum of defect_rates by customer_demographics' using 'Pie Chart'.

Create the dashboards for 'sum of costs and first location' using 'Gauge'.

Create the dashboards for 'Sum of availability by product_type' using 'Line chart'.

Create the dashboards for 'Sum of manufacturing_lead_time by location' using 'Donut Chart'.

Create the dashboards for 'Sum of Defect_rates by Product_type using 'Stacked Coloumn Chart'.
Conclusion:Create the Dashboards for Data Integration From Mulitiple Sources.

